{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Info used to populate the App Store. E.g., app description, keywords.\
\
SKU: same as bundle ID\
\
App Store name: MercyCam: Timed Photos\
(Project name: MercyCam)\
(Icon/bundle display name: MercyCam 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 
\f0 )\
\
\
DESCRIPTIONS and "WHAT'S NEW"\
---------------------------------------------------\
Top 5 lines are above "More." So, top 5 should persuade customer to get app and open it right away.\
\
What's new in version 2.5.2:\
--start--\
\'95 Fixed mail crash bug: If device can\'92t send email, button will now be disabled.\
\'95 Fixed crashes when trying any photo options: When trying any of the main-menu photo options, app no longer crashes on some faster devices (e.g., iPad mini retina, iPad Air).\
--end--\
\
What's new in version 2.5.0:\
--start--\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \'95 User interface: re-designed and updated for iOS 7.\
\'95 Many bugs fixed.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 --end--\
\
Description (version 3.0.0):\
--start--\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 MercyCam takes timed photos. Time options include an initial wait and time between photos. Time can be from seconds to days.\
\
MercyCam lets you:\
\'95 Take a selfie with both hands in the picture! Take multiple selfies and keep the best one!\
\'95 Set up a group photo and include the camera person!\
\'95 Take photos for time-lapse video and stop-motion animation.\
\'95 Home/neighborhood watch: Take photos and send them to your other devices via Apple's iCloud Photo Sharing.\
\
Experiment with MercyCam and be creative!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 --end--\
\
Description (version 2.5.0):\
--start--\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 MercyCam takes timed photos. Time options include an initial delay and spacing between photos. Time can be from seconds to days.\
\
MercyCam lets you:\
\'95 Take a selfie with both hands in the picture! Take multiple selfies and keep the best one!\
\'95 Set up a groupie (group photo) and include the camera person!\
\'95 Take photos for time-lapse video and stop-motion animation.\
\'95 Home/neighborhood watch: Take photos and send them to your other devices via Apple's iCloud Photo Sharing.\
\
Currently, MercyCam is only for iPad and uses only the rear camera.\
\
Experiment with MercyCam and be creative!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 --end--\
\
\
KEYWORDS\
------------------\
Max 100-characters\
Auto-included: words in App Store name, "free" (if free), words in copyright\
Strategy: rank potential searches, then use that to pick keywords\
Don't forget common words: and, for, etc.\
Some variants may work in App Store, some not. Just test.\
Character count: can google for webtool\
Other people probably have metrics: google it\
\
Potential searches (most frequent are first):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 geoff hom, camera, camera timer, camera and timer, camera with timer, selfie, selfie timer, repeating cam, remote cam, delayed camera, time-lapse video, security cam, security monitor, photo timer, spy cam, groupie
\f0 \
\
Keywords, already included:\

\f2 geoff, hom, free, MercyCam, timed(?), photo(?)
\f0 \
\
Keywords (character count: 99):\

\f2 and,camera,delayed,groupie,hands,lapse,photo,remote,repeating,security,selfie,time,timer,video,with
\f0 \
\
Searches not covered by current keywords:\

\f2 group photo taker, camera burst mode, stop-motion animation, camera using timer, selfie hands, camera with delay, repeat camera, security monitor
\f0 \
\
Variants to test in App Store:\
Keyword: photos. Was in title. Does "photos" find app? Does "photo"?\
Keyword: timed. Was in title. Does "timed" find app?
\f2 \
}