{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The heart of Mercy Camera is the stories. The app should allow the user to fulfill these stories. Furthermore, a user should know the app can fulfill these stories, and knowing that, the user should be able to fulfill those stories without external help.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 Story 1: User knows what the app can do.\
User learns from the app description (on the App Store), or from the app itself, what the app can do.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Story 2: User can learn how to use the app fully on her own. \
Learning may not be quick, but it is straightforward.\
User is encouraged/asked to tap buttons rather than assuming she will explore on her own.\
It's okay to assume the user knows what the app can do, since that should be done in story 1.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 Story 3: 
\f1 User wants a quick-but-nice photo of herself. \
She sets up Mercy Camera appropriately. Then she holds up her iPad, faces its rear camera, and poses for the photo. The user gets her quick-but-nice photo.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Story 4: User wants to monitor whether her uncle is taking his meds. \
She sets up her iOS device next to his medicine box. At regular intervals, the device takes a photo. Then it emails the photo to her.\
Can use Photo Stream to automatically send/get photos.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 User can specify long time spans for taking photos. For example: Take 1 photo each day at 6:02 a.m.\
\
Story 5: User wants to take several photos in a row, to get the best shot.\
For example: Taking 3 photos of a group smiling instead of one, since people blink.\
User sets up app, then taps shutter button. Multiple photos are taken immediately.}