{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is for storing stuff that goes in iTunesConnect, like the app's description and keywords.\
\
SKU: same as bundle ID\
\
App name: Mercy Camera!\
(Display name: Mercy Cam 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 
\f0 )\
\
Description: (First 5 lines should encourage me/user to tap "More" and/or
\f2  install the app, open it right away, and have good expectations. ("This must be good," vs "This better be good."))\
\
(Emoji/Unicode version):
\f0 \
Install Mercy Camera 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24 ! It's free! 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57217 
\f0\fs24 \
Mercy Camera 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24  lets you take photos 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 
\f2\fs24  using timers 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24 . It's easy to use\
"Take a group photo 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56426 
\f0\fs24  and include yourself!" 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57230 
\f0\fs24 \
"Take a better self-portrait 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56902 
\f0\fs24  (diff emoji?) using the rear camera, without needing a mirror (emoji for mirror, no mirror?), and without having to hold the camera 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 
\f0\fs24  in your hands!" 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56902 
\f0\fs24 \
"Take multiple photos at once 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56567 
\f0\fs24 , so you can choose the best one!" 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56835 
\f0\fs24 \
"Curious what happens at home 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57313 
\f0\fs24  at night? 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57113 
\f0\fs24   Set it to take a photo every hour!"\
"Curious what happens at home 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57312 
\f0\fs24  while you're away? 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u9992 \u55356 \u57101 
\f0\fs24   Set it to take a photo every day 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56660 \u55357 \u56517 
\f0\fs24 , and use Apple's Photo Stream to view the photos wherever you are!" 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56562 \u55357 \u56507 
\f0\fs24 \
"Want to make a time-lapse video 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56656 \u55357 \u56657 \u55357 \u56658 \u55357 \u56659 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24  of, say, a plant growing? 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57137 
\f0\fs24   Set it to take a photo every 6 hours!"\
"Want to make a time-lapse of, say, a ladybug moving? 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56350 
\f0\fs24   Set it to take a photo every 7 seconds!"\
Mercy Camera 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24  is intended to be easy to use 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57200 
\f0\fs24 , and it still gives you the tools 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24  to be creative 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57256 \u55357 \u56960 \u55356 \u57261 \u55356 \u57096 \u55357 \u56613 \u10024 \u55356 \u57119 \u55357 \u56451 \u55357 \u56453 \u55356 \u57275 \u55357 \u56481 
\f0\fs24 . tools or creative as emoji?)\
Install Mercy Camera 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u55357 \u56660 
\f0\fs24 ! It's free! 
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57217 \u55356 \u57225 
\f0\fs24 \
\
\
(Non-emoji version):\
\
Install Mercy Camera! It's free and easy to use! You can use it now!\
\
Mercy Camera lets you take photos
\f2  using timers
\f0 . \
\
"Take a better self-portrait!" \
(Take it without having to hold the camera! Use the rear camera for better quality, without needing a mirror!)\
\
"Take a group photo and include yourself!"\
\
"Take multiple photos at once, so you can grab the best one!"\
\
"Curious what happens at home at night? Set it to take a photo every hour!"\
\
"Curious what happens at home while you're away? Set it to take a photo every day, and use Apple's Photo Stream to view the photos wherever you are!"\
\
"Want to make a time-lapse video of, say, a plant growing? Set it to take a photo every 6 hours!"\
\
"Want to make a stop-motion video? Set it to take a photo every 7 seconds!"\
\
Mercy Camera is intended to be exceptionally easy to learn and use, and it still gives you the tools to be creative.\
\
Install Mercy Camera! It's free and easy to use! You can use it now!
\f1\fs40 \

\f0\fs24 \
\
Keywords:\
\
potential searches:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 geoff hom, geoffrey hom, jeff hom, camera timer, camera burst mode, camera multiple photo(s), cam, time-lapse video, security cam, security monitor, delayed camera, camera multi photo\
\
already have:\
geoff,hom,mercy,camera
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
words (char count: 95):\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 burst,cam,delay,Geoffrey,Jeff,lapse,mode,monitor,multi,multiple,photo,security,time,timer,video
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
Review: (add emoji if it works in Perfect Potty!)\
Caption: Notes by the lead designer.\
Hello! My name is Geoff Hom. I am the lead designer for "Mercy Camera (emoji?)," and I can be reached at GeoffHom@gmail.com. Mercy Camera is free and I find it useful, so I hope you will try it out! Here, I want to mention some more-technical things that are outside the app's description.\
\
This review is for version 1.0.0. You can tell the version in the app by tapping "Help the Creators" and then scrolling to the bottom.\
\
This version uses only an iPad's rear camera. iPhone, iPod touch, and the front camera are not supported yet. Partially that's because I own only an iPad, and the rear camera is so much better than the front camera. \
\
Mercy Camera's main options are "Take a photo," "Take delayed photos," and "Take delayed photos (advanced)."\
\
"Take a photo": Mercy Camera was created to take photos using timers. However, "Take a photo" and is meant to be like Apple's built-in camera app. This is so you don't have to switch back and forth between apps. Like the built-in camera app, "Take a photo" has a minimal interface. There's a big button for taking a photo, photos are saved directly to your camera roll, and you can view the camera roll. There is no option to delete photos from the camera roll, as Apple doesn't make that available to third-party developers. Similar to the built-in camera app, you can tap to focus/expose and lock/unlock that.\
\
"Take delayed photos": Wait X seconds, then take Y photos. For example, "Wait 7 seconds, then take 3 photos": Tap the "Start" button, and after 7 seconds, the app takes 3 photos in a row. You could use this to take a self-portrait using the rear camera. The timer can be 0\'9699 seconds, and up to 99 photos may be taken. \
\
"Take delayed photos (advanced)": Wait X time units, then take Y photos with Z time units between each photo. For example, "Wait 5 minutes, then take 24 photos with 20 minutes between each photo": Tap the "Start" button, and after 5 minutes, the app will take a photo, wait 20 minutes, take another photo, wait 20 minutes, etc., until 24 photos have been taken. You could use this if you're going to work for 8 hours but want to make sure your home is okay. If you have Apple's Photo Stream set up, the photos should be available on your other Apple devices as soon as they are taken. \
\
"Take delayed photos (advanced)" also offers different time units. Each timer can be set for 0\'96999 seconds, minutes, hours or days, and up to 999 photos may be taken.\
\
"Rate this app" option: Mercy Camera is currently free and ad-free, but you can support us by rating us generously. \
\
"Help the creators" option: Info on contacting us is included, as well as info on supporting us financially via in-app purchase. The in-app purchase is simply $1 for each decorative star. Mercy Camera is free and fully-functional, and we hope to continue improving it. Of course, we will consider user ratings, reviews and financial support when prioritizing work among this app and other apps.\
\
Mercy Camera is meant to provide useful tools but still be easy to learn and use. Feel free to be creative! Try to come up with different ways to prop up your iPad so it can take timed photos well.\
\
As this is the first release of Mercy Camera, I know much can be improved. But I hope you will still find its present form useful.\
\
\
set/prop up the iPad. keep it plugged in. \
encourage people to try it out and be creative!
\f1\fs40 \uc0\u55356 \u57096 \u55357 \u56613 \u10024 \u55356 \u57119 \u55357 \u56451 \u55357 \u56453 
\f0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56562 \u55356 \u57312 \u55356 \u57313 \u55356 \u56723 \u55356 \u57225 \u55356 \u57226 \u55357 \u56561 \u55356 \u57218 \u55356 \u57224 \u55357 \u56473 \u55357 \u56843 \u9917 \u9728 \u55357 \u56615 \u55357 \u56617 \u55357 \u56616 \u9986 \u55357 \u56618 \u55356 \u57279 \u9999 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs40 \cf0 \uc0\u55357 \u56567 \u9742 \u8986 \u9203 \u9200 9\u8419 \u9989 \u55357 \u56657 \u55357 \u56660 }